let's take a look at this my Envy box
for August 2014 and this is what you get
in the box there are a lot of our
samples okay let's see this is the card
with all the other offers and inform you
you get a sample perfume angel and demon
I think the bigger one costs around 8000
rupees or around 150 dollars oh this is
a one ml sample bottle it costs around
80 rupees or around a dollar or so it
has a nice smell as you can see and I
get these small packets of gel that you
can try I don't know if you can find
feel the effect with such a small packet
but there you go
cause 134 rupees or around $2 this is a
night cream by wild fans again just a
small sample costs around one hundred
and sixty rupees or under $3 for this
again a really small sample I don't know
if this much can really show you the
benefits but again this is a luminous
cream
I mean costs around 350 rupees again not
the full product a small sample but at
least this one is a little bit bigger I
hope and it's a little bit bigger than
the other one but it's still a really
small sample and the last product is
from my h2o it's a same in the last
krump
again this is also a sample costs around
450 rupees for this you also get this
coupon that you can use in these places
only five locations in India I'd paid
around a hundred and fifty rupees
all-rounder total dollars for this box
we had a value of around 1300 or around
fifteen dollars or so so value wise it's
there
it's wrote it but the products sample
sizes are really small for what your
pain I really don't think you can now
feel the effect of these products at
such smaller sizes because they won't
last more than two to three times the
only thing I can agree with is the
perfume because you don't need a bigger
sample to know this metal so this is
more than enough but other products I'm
not so sure such small samples will
really help you but still check it out